Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me again today.
And Diana today, I'm so excited to have you with us.
She's been so busy doing some other stuff for the ministry and doing things; I haven't been able to have her on as much.
And I told her, I said, 'Tonight you are going to be on here with me.
I need you.
' So, I'm excited you're here.
I sure love you.
You know, we're going to go over some of the things.
Tell everybody hi.
Hi.
Yeah, we're so grateful.
You know, it's exciting to be in the ministry and pushing like we do.
We know Jesus is coming.
We have an expectation.
People say, 'Brandon, what do you do?
Do you really believe Jesus is coming beyond anything?
' I'm telling you, we are at the last seconds of the last days.
Jesus Christ is coming, ladies and gentlemen.
And it's time for you to have your expectation of the manifestations and the glory of God.
Get excited about what God's about to do in these last days.
I'll go over a little bit of what I saw in the revival.
I told you about the angels and the oil coming out of the sky.
And people are like, 'Brandon, that's way over the top.
' And I'm like, 'Yeah, that's exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
' God we serve.
But I want to talk about today, wherever you are—morning, day, or night.
I want to talk about what's going on with Russia.
What I feel about some of this caution that I have in the Valley of Decision that President Trump is making right now.
And I want to say this: Diana and I tease around with each other about calling him Mr.
Magoo and things like that.
We don't mean any disrespect toward the president.
We pray for him.
We love our president and stand with him, but just teasing around.
I would say even if I got to be his friend and hang out with him, I'd call him Mr.
Magoo because in the natural, he always seems to look like he's about to go off a cliff, but God saves him and he wins the case.
Mr.
Magoo was always victorious.
So, it wasn't that Mr.
Magoo was an idiot; Mr.
Magoo won.
And you're always like, 'How did that happen?
' It was just the hand of God.
This is how you look at some of the things when you watch him and you're going, 'I don't know, is this going to turn out okay?
' But God.
And that's why I say Mr.
Magoo was one of those ones.
You watched him on the cartoon whenever we were growing up and he was walking on the steel beam and it went through the window and he walked out on the other side, but he never got hurt and you're going, 'That was pretty cool.
' And so that's why we laugh.
We call this lots of prayer.
So we know that Mr.
Magoo is going to turn out okay.
And so we're just not going to worry about him.
Why is he talking to Russia right now?
What's he doing?
Mr.
Magoo, don't talk to Russia.
I don't mean disrespect, but I'm just saying it made me think of it a lot whenever I hear these articles.
And so I reached out to Diana and I said, 'You know what?
What do you think about what's going on?
' She had told me, she said, 'This is what my daddy prophesied concerning Russia.
' And I'll play that clip in just a second, but I want to go over what the Lord showed us.
Probably back—I don't know, Braden can show you a little clip of it—but I saw a Jason Bourne type of experience.
I saw Zelensky snorting coke and he had prostitutes around him.
I saw that he had a hundred million in $100 bills and they were on a plane and he was going to flee.
But there was a plan in the days ahead with Russia and America to remove him like a Jason Bourne experience.
So I saw a Jason Bourne kind of a decision being made when this happened.
I saw Russia get half of Ukraine all the way up to Kyiv and they brought in a new government that was pro-Russia, pro-Ukraine, and it brought peace to the area because the puppet was being manipulated by the EU and Macron, and he was looking with his Pinocchio nose towards Macron asking, 'What should we do?
What should we do?
' So, I thought this was kind of interesting because whenever I had the visitation with the Lord and He was here in the vision, I saw a Russian man on his belly with a black stocking hat and black pants, black everything.
So then I give that word of what I heard the Lord say.
And then he goes and becomes buddies with Russia.
Let's bring our dollar together again.
Look at this article right here.
Now you see what Russia is saying today, that they want to join up with America and the dollar and they're wanting to do...
so what is happening with the BRICS if they do that?
Are they abandoning the BRICS system when they said, 'We'll help Cuba out' with the next one I saw right here?
You can see that.
So Cuba and Russia are wanting to do oil agreements and all that.
So what's going on with all this?
Is this just a smoke screen?
Because I saw the Tasmanian looking devil spinning around Putin creating major war with this new weapon over Warsaw that has never been used before.
And he had his hands like this looking at his cards and he said, 'I just have to buy the time to get through your presidency and then I'll make my move,' because he was looking for weaker leadership.
So he was looking at his poker cards.
He had a poker face, as you saw in the cartoon that we made, and he was trying to figure out what his best move was to win the game because he wants to win all of these areas back—what was the former Soviet Union and all that back then.
So we see this stuff.
What's happening right now with his decision?
Is he being sneaky?
I believe he is.
I want you to hear this word from Kim Clement back—I don't even know, she didn't tell me the date of this.
It's a 47-second word.
'The other thing the Lord said to me today, Jacob,' he said, 'Kim, tell my people to keep their eye on Russia because there's a huge deception that is taking place and is yet to unveil and where people will even embrace it.
I'm not sure exactly what it is, but I saw this hand coming out of Russia and this hand being extended out to the Christian people and to the Jews as if it were a friend.
It is not a friend.
Russia is not a friend to the Jews and not a friend to the Christians.
I'm not speaking about the people of Russia.
I'm talking about the administration and the leaders.
I saw deception coming out of Russia.
I saw a hand coming out as if to shake and then as the hand was shaken by purple robes and garments of religion, I saw the hand raised up and then smashing them on the neck.
' So I think that's interesting.
I believe the hand he's talking about is all of the persecution that's coming to the church, persecution coming to the Jews, all the things that I've seen, the antisemitism, the things that are about to erupt on another level.
But like I said, I know he flowed in the prophetic.
I see visions and I believe visions change through prayer.
Prayer changes things.
Now, I believe a vision is a lot different than a prophetic 'Thus saith the Lord.
' There's a lot of people that disagree with me.
I don't care what you really believe.
It's whatever you feel the Lord's leading you.
That's just what I feel.
I see a lot of visions and the Lord shows me these things through prayer.
He said, 'Your job is to have a prayer channel and tell people what's coming and you'll change things through prayer.
' And that's why I've always looked at it as a watchman telling people.
Now, is it prophetic?
I said it has a prophetic lens.
It's different in my opinion, but I yield to the anointing of the prophet.
We hear all this stuff going on.
We see these major things taking place.
I thought it was really interesting.
Diana said, 'Did you notice the people on Twitter talking about the three electric poles at the Super Bowl that looked like Bunny was on the one in the middle with the cross, and it looked like he was being like Jesus?
' I wondered a lot about what the satanic significance was behind it because the Lord said there was great satanic significance behind the Super Bowl halftime show.
Well, we know there's a lot of Jezebels running around and dancing and acting stupid.
But what we saw with the guy that used to be the devil worshipper that got born again was directly communicating to the devil.
He made a video talking about how demonic the Super Bowl halftime show was.
Now, I didn't watch all of it, but I think it was interesting.
I believe his name is John Ramirez or something like that.
I don't remember; Braden can put it in there below.
I don't know much about this man, but I thought it was interesting because he said that there was a lot of satanic things about the Super Bowl halftime show.
Now, I didn't watch it.
It was trash.
And so anytime you have a bunch of hussies running around there, I protect and honor my wife.
I'm going to look down at the ground; it was bad.
It's embarrassing the kind of trash they try to feed us on the internet or on TV.
Our youth kids were having youth things, and our church was having a Super Bowl party—I don't even know what they did—and how embarrassing that was with the people of the church, having anyone see some of the things that were shown during that.
I'm just telling you all, we're in a time like never before where the dark is getting darker, but the light is getting lighter.
Now, going over those prophetic words, going over what the Lord has showed us about the Mabee Center and getting excited about it.
But there is darkness, and I feel great caution about this valley of decision and what's happening with Trump right now.
I said great anti-Semitism would come out in the days ahead.
Why?
Because I believe Israel will probably act alone against Iran.
Maybe they will, and we'll back them.
Why would there be so much anti-Semitism across the world that the Jewish community would uproot and want to move back home because they felt their lives were in danger being a Jew in New York or wherever?
There's something that's going to trigger this; the Lord is warning of this.
The other part—now I was waking up, and in between being awake and asleep, I heard this: I told you there would be black swan false flag events that would bring attention back to ABC, NBC, CBS, CNN to give them credibility, trying to get credibility back to them, to get a foothold to get you to feel sorry for them and want to be watching them again.
I'll say that again.
They are going to try to cause a distraction to get you to look over here because they're losing their audience.
And the Lord said, 'Watch for major events in the days ahead that will cause you to look more to MSNBC, ABC, CBS, CNN.
' What's happened in the last couple of days?
Now, I'm not trying to be disrespectful toward the lady who got kidnapped—I'm not at all—but I want you to be smarter.
Think about this.
The lady, the FBI, all this, it's all about her family and the network that she works for.
What happened with this?
Is there more to this?
Does that make sense what I'm trying to tell you all?
Is this the event that draws people back over there to click on them instead of watching social media as much to give ABC, NBC, CBS more of a foothold?
A little bit of something, then a little bit more, to get them more credibility.
You know what?
Because you start to feel sorry for the individual.
You start because we're sympathetic.
Oh, the 85-year-old woman.
It's really sad.
Her mom and everybody watches.
But then you have a personal connection.
You don't even know her, but a lot of people will get personal connections through stories and through social media when you don't even know who these people are through Erica, through all this different stuff.
And then you have scandals about Erica on there, and they're talking about all this stuff.
I just stay out of all the stuff.
I don't care.
People send me something, 'Hey Diana, you need to read it.
' And I told her, 'Diana, we've got to get more filtering our filter.
' Does that make sense?
But I'm trying to tell you what I'm hearing.
Remember the events to get back this over here, a sleight of hand.
The enemy is going to try to do this somehow.
And I thought, what would ever make a people want to watch them ever again?
How will they do that subtly?
Another 9/11 event?
I don't know.
What makes them become the victim?
What makes the American people feel sorry for them a little bit?
Is it one thing or is it multiple things?
But the Lord said it was coming because alternative media like Alex Jones and Benny Johnson and some of these others are drawing so much attraction.
Their channels are exploding—six million views, all this stuff.
And so I went back and I was looking: what's the average view count through Google for some of these TV networks like Christian television?
And they said an average view count on their whole channel for a day watching them speak was only 150,000.
Not even over a million.
And I won't tell you who that was, but I saw a Christian organization; their main thing was 150,000 on their TV a day.
And they have millions of dollars of overhead.
I thought that surely that can't be right.
But when you look at what they say about how much in a day CNN and some of these other places get, it's only a couple million.
They're losing their audience.
But when you look at Benny Johnson's video count and the subscribers and the views he gets on a video, it's by the millions.
Alex Jones by the millions.
They're pulling from that pool.
So how do they bring back those people?
And that's what I'm trying to say.
The Lord said because what they want to do in the days ahead is to get a foothold in the media, a foothold in the food, a foothold in the politics—a foothold because they have to get you to believe and think they're credible again because they've lost their credibility.
And people and the world, not just the body of Christ, are saying, 'We're done.
' So we're seeing it.
Let's see what happens in the days ahead.
The Lord said, 'Watch 2026, 2027, and 2028.
' And they will say there will be more pressure on YouTube to censor what these big YouTube platforms and news media stations will be able to say because they'll take away their AdSense and things like that.
They'll be able to say, 'Listen, you're going to say what we want you to say on your platform or we're taking this away from you.
' And that's what I saw happening.
So I just wanted to go over that because those are the things I'm seeing.
This is big.
There's a lot, but I haven't wanted to be quick in just releasing videos about some of this stuff because I feel it; there's a changing of the tide.
There's something happening in this valley of decision right now.
There are some major decisions being made as Benjamin came to the White House yesterday or the day before yesterday.
Folks, this is what I saw.
This is what the Lord warned us about.
We're here; it's time to wake up.
What will come in 2026?
What will the rest of it be like?
What will we see within these 250 years?
And I told you about Red Dawn experiences and shakings in our nation—shaking in Europe, the Euro, the plagues, and the things with the biolab.
All the things that a biolab just got busted and he was experimenting with mice and all this stuff.
I was like, "This is not a Batman movie.
This is real-life stuff.
This isn't watching Spider-Man and seeing who the new villain is.
This is real stuff.
Who's Professor Xavier or whoever?
" I don't know.
You see some of these Superman movies with the bad guys and you go, "What is going on?
This is real-life superhero weirdness.
" I just try to go over it.
We love every single one of you and we're so thankful that you're here.
Like I said, I'm just kind of watching.
I feel a caution.
I feel that major storm on the East Coast.
I told you I saw biological weapons being taken from Russia to put into Cuba.
Is this the opportunity where they're doing that?
And they were putting them underground, saying "storm here.
" It was in the middle of the night—the trafficking and the things.
And here we see Venezuela and all this stuff going on.
Is this all coming about where you let your guard down?
President Trump, be careful who you trust.
Be careful who you let into your inner circle.
Be careful who extends an olive branch of peace to you, saying, "Hey, we want to be your friend all of a sudden," when they were your worst enemy.
Remember who is in your inner circle and who you're trusting.
Do not trust so easily.
Be watchful over who's in your inner circle and take no counsel from the ungodly.
It's so important because all it takes is one bad decision to cause the house of cards to fall.
China and Taiwan—all this major stuff.
Let's pray and take communion.
This is my favorite part.
Every time I talk, I try to keep it as short as I can.
So, Father, we just lift up this body before You.
We're so thankful for this time of prayer and just seeking You, God.
We're so thankful for where we are in these end times.
I truly believe we're at that point like You said back in September—the point of no return where we're about to see an acceleration of things that's going to be shock and awe.
Lord, I'm so grateful.
I don't want to look at it and say life is bad.
Lord, we're ready to get out of here.
I'm just looking forward to being with You, not by death but by the rapture of the church.
I'm so thankful, Father, that You are coming back and we'll be reunited with all our loved ones.
It's just a glorious day.
Oh, what a day of rejoicing that will be when we all get to heaven.
We'll sing and shout the victory.
Isn't that wonderful?
It's going to be exciting.
Everything we've ever believed for will be complete within our glorified bodies.
We'll be standing before our King.
Jesus Christ is coming; I just look forward to it.
We take this body and thank You, Lord, for this time when everyone is focused on love.
They say we focus on Cupid and all that stuff, but no, I just love my wife.
We have an extra day of just loving each other—an extra day of being on a honeymoon.
I think it's a good time to reflect and rekindle the fire in your marriage.
You don't have to believe in all the weirdness.
We just love each other, and it's a good day to love on your wife.
Any day is a good day to love on your wife, but especially on Valentine's Day, try to be extra special.
I think it's always good to sow love into the marriage and into the person who has given their life to you and given you children.
Does that make sense?
It's important.
I think men don't need to be a fuddy-duddy.
Be fun.
Have fun.
Be spontaneous.
Love your spouse.
Love your wives.
Love your husbands.
Pray with each other and honor each other.
I really truly believe I can always feel when there's a flow in the spirit.
I always say, "Okay, Diana, we've got to pray more together.
We've got to read more together.
" You can feel it when you're in a covenant relationship and you're pushing together.
For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there I am in the midst of them—Matthew 18:20.
All glory to God.
I believe that's what happens when you pray with your spouse.
If you say, "I don't have anybody," well, we'll be your two.
Diana and I will agree with you.
If you're single, we'll agree with you.
That's why we're here—praying with you to agree with you.
If you're a single mother or a single father and don't have anybody to agree with, Diana and I will agree with you.
We pray and touch and agree, saying, "Whatever things are bound on earth are bound in heaven.
Whatever things are loosed on earth are loosed in heaven.
" We believe in the power of covenant and prayer.
Whenever we agree, anything can be done.
Two, three, four, or five agreeing—I believe with all my heart that many hands make light work.
And so that's where we are in these end times—believing together as believers standing as a family.
That's why we say "Good morning, family.
" We believe it.
We are the body of Christ.
People say, "I'm Catholic.
" I love the Catholics.
Come on over here.
We love the Church of Christ.
We want the Baptists.
We're not just about being charismatic here; we want the body of Christ.
Now, you say, "Brandon, you say certain things.
" Well, yes, because I believe certain things, but I'm just saying that out of love.
We can agree to disagree.
I don't always agree with my extended family.
You don't have to agree with everybody.
I have aunts that believe in the whole tribulation and things like that, and I agree to disagree, but I still love them.
It's amazing when you can just love each other in spite of differences.
We don't have to be mean.
You don't have to be a "Sister Clipboard" and pick on people.
Just say, "Hey, we love you.
We don't have to agree on everything.
You're entitled to your opinion.
" We still love you.
On this day, we can focus on love.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong as we get ready for the day of love.
God is love.
Walk in love in the days ahead because faith works by love.
If you feel like your faith is stagnant, check your love walk.
I don't always agree with what people say and preach from the pulpit.
But as Brother Hagin used to say all the time, you have to eat the hay and spit out the sticks.
There's something good you can find in anything, but you have to eat the hay and spit out the sticks.
And so that's what we do.
Find books that help you grow.
So Father, we thank you.
I thank you, Father, for the body, and we take it right now.
We believe that we receive your healing power that flows on the inside of us in the name of Jesus.
We take the blood.
We apply the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We plead the blood over our homes and over our finances.
We call those things that be not as though they were.
We speak blessing, increase, multiplication, and favor over everything we put our hands to.
We thank you, Lord, for what a God we serve, that we're blessed.
We have increase, we have favor.
We call in the financial seeds we sow; we call for a harvest over them: thirty, sixty, and a hundredfold.
I speak to the seeds that I have sowed.
You don't go dormant anymore; you spring forth much fruit in the name of Jesus.
Now, angels of the Lord—we thank you, Lord—go, ministering spirits, and cause it to come forth in the name of Jesus.
I call forth my harvest, a bountiful, beautiful harvest full of financial blessing.
Now God, I thank you, Lord, that where I've sowed bad seed and we need a crop failure, I call for crop failure in the name of Jesus.
I repent over the bad seeds I've sowed.
Thank you, Lord, they're washed in the blood.
Father, we call for crop failure over those seeds.
We thank you, Lord, that over the ones we sowed that were bad, we call for crop failure.
We say your blessing and grace covers it in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that your hand is on those good seeds.
The bad seeds are drying up and going away; the birds are eating them because we don't want to reap bad stuff.
Seedtime and harvest never cease.
Whatsoever a man sows, that will he also eat.
You have good seed and you have bad seed.
That's what I'm talking about.
You think, 'Well, everything is good in mine.
' Baloney.
There are times when you might have sowed some bad seeds.
You might have treated somebody badly or spoken to someone badly.
There are bad seeds.
You might have done something wrong, treated somebody disrespectfully, or done them wrong in business.
I don't want to reap that.
Father, we ask for repentance over these things.
I thank you, Lord, for the blood.
That's why we plead the blood and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord.
We thank you for the weather, the rain, and the harvest.
We thank you, Lord, for the grass growing, the trees, and all the birds and beautiful things that you're providing for us.
It's almost springtime, and we're so grateful, Father, that the weather is turning even prettier right now.
God, we give you praise and glory for it right now in Jesus' name.
We take this blood and apply it over us in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
Lord, we thank you for it.
Father, I thank you.
Right now, I plead the blood of Jesus over anything you want to show us.
So that it is uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic spirit, I apply the blood of Jesus over our prayer time.
We thank you, Father, that the angels of the Lord are camping around and about us.
Father, I plead the blood of Jesus over us, and we are not snared by any familiar spirits because we're always staying close to the Vine.
Thank you, Father.
We're so grateful for all that you've done and continue to do.
We yield to the anointing of the prophet.
I yield.
Whatever you want to show me, Father, to warn the people, we humble ourselves before you.
We attract to deflect.
We don't use you; you use us.
It's not about us trying to use you, Father.
We're a vessel.
You're the potter; we're the clay.
We humble ourselves before you today.
We know that apart from you, we can do nothing.
As He is, so are we in this world.
I thank you, Father.
What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow.
No other fount I know, nothing but the blood of Jesus.
So Father, we just thank you, Lord, for this time.
We plead the blood of Jesus Christ over every single one of us here.
We thank you, Lord, that we're always in the right place at the right time.
For the families up in British Columbia affected by the mass shooting, Father, I thank you that such things stop.
We plead the blood over our children when they go into schools.
No weapon formed against them will prosper.
A thousand shall fall at their side and ten thousand at their right hand, but it will not come nigh.
We take our authority over our school districts and over where our kids go to school.
We plead the blood of Jesus over our children today.
We thank you, Lord, that they will go into school and the light of God will shine on them so much that the teacher says, 'There's something different about your little girl, about your boy there.
' And you say, 'Oh, it's because they have Jesus.
' Because they're so used to heathens being around them, they go, 'There's something good about your kids.
' Why?
Because they stand out above everybody else, and the glory of the Lord is risen on your children.
Arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord has risen on our kids, our wives, and my husband.
We believe that the angels of the Lord camp around and about them in the name of Jesus.
Father, you go before us and you prepare the way.
If you say, 'Don't go today, there's going to be something happening,' we're quick to hear you, Lord.
We're quick to hear and obey.
When you say, 'Don't go here,' we hear you.
You told us in times past that there would be days ahead when if you don't listen closely concerning certain decisions you make for that day, there will be people who will not be there that night.
They'll go home early because they're not following the voice of the Lord because of how dark these days are.
If you have that inward check—for as many as are led by the Spirit of God are the sons and daughters of God—I believe that if you're led by the Spirit of God, He will lead you and guide you into all truth.
You don't need a prophetic voice to tell you what to do.
Right now, in the name of Jesus, we come before you, Father, boldly knowing that those who are led by the Spirit of God are the sons and daughters of God.
We will be led by that peace that passes all understanding.
You said, 'Follow that inward peace.
Follow that peace that passes all understanding.
' We will be led by the Spirit of God today.
When you speak, we will hear your voice, and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
We take authority over every demonic assignment, every plot, every plan, and every pursuit of wickedness concerning my life, our ministry, and the people on this channel.
We believe, Father, that those who are led by the Spirit of God are the sons and the daughters of God, and they'll be led when it comes to where they're supposed to be living, working, and going to school or church.
They'll be led by the Spirit of God.
You say, "Hey, it's not just meant for you to be in whatever church you want to be at.
" You should be led by the Spirit of God, for they are the daughters and the sons of God.
Father, I believe that we're led by the Spirit today on where we're supposed to be at church, where we're supposed to be living, and where we're supposed to go to work.
It's not what we think; it's because we're led by the Spirit of God.
You say, "Well, I don't know about that.
" I do.
That's what the Word says.
The Word says those that are led by the Spirit of God are the sons and the daughters of God.
I believe that we're His children.
We're His children and we will be led by His Spirit today concerning where we're supposed to live.
You said, "Well, I don't want to live over there.
" Well, the Lord said to live over there.
I'm going to obey.
I pray and obey.
Well, He said, "I want you to move to Timbuktu.
" Okay, Father.
I'm on my way to Timbuktu.
I don't know where that is, but I'm on my way.
Well, I don't like it because they don't have this certain shop I like to shop at.
Oh, I'm led by the Spirit of God because He has everything that is perfect.
Every plan, everything that He has for you is perfect.
And He knows your future more than you know your past.
So, I will be led by the Spirit of God.
You say, "Hey, I want you to work over here at this place.
I'll give you favor over there and you'll be the manager.
You're going to be the owner of that company before it's all over with.
Go there.
" Oh, Father, I'm led by Your Spirit.
I don't know about that company, but I don't have to because I'm led by the Spirit of God.
And the Spirit of God, peace that passes understanding, go with Your peace.
If you have torment, fear has torment, but perfect love casteth out all fear.
And that's why I say right now in the name of Jesus, they will be led by the Spirit of God today.
They'll be led by the Spirit of God concerning where they're supposed to be.
I'll be in the right place at the right time, doing everything the Lord has for me, every single day, every single waking moment.
I will be where He calls me to be because I'm led by the Spirit of God.
And I believe, Father, that they are led just like Diana and I are led.
We pray together.
We take our authority.
We use our authority booklet and we use our authority over the devil every day.
We are led by the Spirit.
You say, "Don't go there.
" Don't question it.
That could be something that could save your life.
Don't go to that Sprout store today or don't go to the Walmart today.
Don't go over here.
I want you to go over here.
Why?
Well, there's a lady over there that needs prayer.
I remember when Pastor Candace said she sat in Walmart because God said, "I want you to go talk to the lady with the red sweater.
" And she stood in the Walmart store for over 45 minutes waiting for the lady with the red sweater.
She didn't want to look silly, so she grabbed one little garment off of the shelf to go over there and she went up to the cash register and was going to check out.
The lady on her name tag had a red sweater on, a Christmas sweater on her thing.
And she said, "Oh my gosh, the red sweater.
" She goes, "Can I pray for you?
" She started talking to her.
Her son was diagnosed with stage four cancer and was dying.
So Pastor prayed for him, laid hands on her in the line and the power of God went into the lady.
She started weeping.
There was a whole line of people ready to check out, and there she was.
She wasn't scared; she didn't care about what they thought.
She was just going to obey what God had called her to do.
So she said, "I laid hands on him, praying over him, just believing.
" The lady's son was completely healed by the power of the Lord Jesus Christ, delivered from cancer.
She went back and heard her testimony.
But those that are led by the Spirit of God are the sons and the daughters of God.
And you're in the right place at the right time doing exactly what God has called you to do.
You may not understand it at the time.
You may be standing in the Walmart aisle and He said, "I want you to be there looking for the yellow sweater," or whatever.
You just got to listen to being led by the Spirit of God.
And I believe it.
Say, "Well, I want you to drop off Johnny at practice early today.
" Well, I don't understand why, but I'm just led by the Spirit of God.
I thank You, Lord, that that's the way we are.
We're led by the Spirit of God.
I call those things that be not as though they were.
You say, "Well, I don't hear God today.
" I call your ears heightened, full of life, full of victory, that in everything, you are led by the Spirit of God because I am His and He is mine.
I'm a joint-heir of Jesus Christ.
Christ dwells in me richly by faith.
I have it in the name of Jesus.
Satan, shut up and get out of here.
I do what the Bible tells me to do and I say, "Submit myself therefore unto God.
Resist the devil and he will flee in the name of Jesus.
" And I submit to God right now saying, "Hey, I'm Yours and You are mine.
" So in the name of Jesus, devil, get out of here and stop tormenting me.
I'm not listening to you.
"Well, you're never going to make it.
You'll always be poor.
You're never going to have anything.
Your kids are always going to be heathen.
You're always going to have a husband that's mean to you.
You're always going to have a wife that's not good to you.
" Oh, shut up, devil.
I submit myself unto God.
I resist you in the name of Jesus and you will flee.
That's what the Bible says.
So I'm submitting because those that are led by the Spirit of God are the sons and the daughters of God.
I'm submitted to my Father.
I hear You, Lord.
I hear You, Father.
I thank You, Father, You're going to lead me into everything I need.
Howbeit when He, the Spirit of Truth, is come, He will guide you into all truth.
For He shall not speak of Himself, but whatsoever He shall hear, that shall He speak, and He will show you things to come.
He'll show us the things to come.
That's what we have on the show; He'll show us the things to come.
Say it one more time: Howbeit when He, the Spirit of Truth, is come, He will guide you into all truth.
For He shall not speak of Himself, but whatsoever He shall hear, that shall He speak, and He will show you things to come.
Thank You, Lord, that You show us things to come as the watchman on the wall.
And that's what being led by the Spirit of God is: He'll show us the things to come.
I believe, Father, that You're showing us that which is to come.
Father, concerning America, concerning our president, we lift up our president before You and the decisions he's making right now in the name of Jesus.
In the Bible, You said in Your Word to take no counsel from the ungodly.
And I pray in the name of Jesus for godly counsel around him, and he will not be a Mr.
Magoo.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that he will be victorious in everything he does because he's led by the Spirit of God.
I thank You, Lord, that Donald Trump has a road to Damascus experience.
You shake him in the midnight hour.
And I thank You, Lord, that You would bring him to a humbleness before You, that he would humble himself underneath the mighty hand of God and in due time He would exalt him.
And I say in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, his path is made straight.
At the valley of decision, he's making the right choices and the right decisions concerning America and where we're supposed to be as a nation.
I pray over his mind that he does not have a reprobate mind, but he has a mind that's a mind full of the Word of God and a mind that's a mind of Christ.
Second Timothy 1:7 says that God has not given him a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a well-balanced mind.
And I thank You, Lord, that Your Word is true and that, Father, if we delight ourselves into You, You would give us the desires of our heart.
We delight ourselves in You right now.
The desire of our heart, Father, is to have a nation that is on fire for the love of God, for the glory of God.
That our nation will be one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.
Father, that our nation will be a nation that has the glory of the Lord on it.
As we are rising and shining, for the light has come, this is a generation that will not taste death.
We will be that generation that sees the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
And we're lifting up our eyes, for we know our redemption draws nigh.
We believe, Father, that this is the generation that will see the glorious outpouring like we've always believed for.
We'll see the dead raised.
We'll see the blinded eyes open.
We'll see and hear the deaf ears open.
We'll see the dead raised.
We're going to see the demon-possessed set free by the power of the blood of Jesus Christ.
And we thank You, Lord, that the Greater One lives on the inside of us.
And we have a backbone like a crowbar.
And we will not bow and we will not bend our knee to the demonic agenda of Agenda 2030.
We will not bow our knee to that.
We stand firm in the name of Jesus.
And we call those things that be not as though they were.
And we say this nation is rising up in the name of Jesus, proclaiming that the King of kings and the Lord of lords is coming, and He's coming soon.
And we thank You, Lord, that we may be the only ones, for the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few, but Lord, anoint our hands to bring in the harvest greater than any generation has ever seen before.
Father, I thank You, Lord.
I thank You, Lord, that You're not done with America.
You're not done with Europe.
You're not done with Africa.
You're not done with Asia.
You're not done with South America.
You're not done with Mexico.
You're not done with Canada.
You're not done.
Father, You shake the nations all to Your glory.
We call it in right now.
The harvest is plentiful.
The Bible says that Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever, but according to Ephesians 1, that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened.
We thank You, Lord, that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened today.
Take your hands off of the unbelievers' eyes today, devil.
You will not have our unsaved loved ones.
We call them born again in the name of Jesus.
We call them free.
We call them healed.
We call them delivered.
We say they will not taste hell.
They will come to heaven with me.
We say in the name of Jesus, our children will come up and be raised up in the name of Jesus.
The Bible says raise your children up in the Word and in the way they should go, and when they get older, they will not depart from it.
And I call forth those seeds that we've sown into the children to teach them the Word, that they spring forth much fruit in the name of Jesus.
And we call our kids on fire for God.
We call our children and our grandchildren on fire for God in the name of Jesus.
We will not bow down to the demonic spirits and we will not bend.
We will stand in Jesus' name.
And we have the glory on the inside of us.
I thank You, Father, concerning midterms.
We call forth midterms to be a mighty red wave, Father.
Not a political red wave, but a blood wave, a glory wave, a glory of the Lord wave concerning 2026.
That we will not go into 2026 as status quo, but will be a church that is blood-bought—the church, the redeemed—that we have a major prayer gathering on May 17th, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We call a major revival over this nation.
A major revival of repentance back in our pulpits in Jesus' name.
That every one of our pastors would start to preach repentance and holiness back in the church like they should in Jesus' name.
We thank You, Lord, that this revival starts with us.
Revival starts with our house.
Revival starts in our schools.
Revival starts in our churches.
Revival starts in our malls.
Revival starts in our local marketplace.
Thank You, Father.
Thank You, Lord.
Thank You, Lord, that every plan of the wicked, You laugh at it.
You're laughing at the plans of the wicked today.
You're laughing at the plans of the enemy as they try to do all the stuff they did at the Olympics and they did at the Super Bowl.
You laugh at the plans of the devil because Your plans, Father, are that You will bring their plans to naught.
Though they come at me one way, they will flee before me seven—that's what You say.
They try to come at us one way, they'll flee before us seven.
Oh, I thank You, Father, that the glorious church is rising.
We call them saved.
We call them delivered.
We call President Trump protected today.
We thank You, Lord, that no weapon formed against his life would prosper.
We put angels all around and about him right now in the name of Jesus.
Father, around his kids, around his grandkids, Father, that the angels are protecting him today.
We thank You, Lord, that we're blessed.
We thank You, Lord, that we're prosperous.
We thank You, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
And we call those things that be not as though they were.
That this is the time for the glorious church to arise.
Lord, we believe.
We believe.
We receive.
Thank You, Lord.
Thank You, Father.
No weapon formed against us would prosper.
We apply the blood, and we hear Your voice, and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
Do you all stand on that today?
Do you all believe that?
You've got to be believing believers.
We're not beggars.
Did you notice I didn't beg one time?
No, I used my authority and I spoke to it.
I used scripture to back it.
Find scripture that pertains to what you're believing for and use the scripture as a sword against the devil.
You're not a begging believer.
You're a believing believer that has the authority of a believer—that you walk and you tread upon serpents and scorpions and nothing shall by any means hurt you.
If you don't use the Word against the devil, he'll try to talk you out of everything and what the Word stands for.
You've got to know the Word.
And when that Word comes out of your mouth like it was doing mine, you just speak it out of your mouth and you say, 'This is the Word I'm believing for right here.
' I may not always know the street address, but I know the sentences, and I believe with all my heart that this is the Word.
It says, 'If ye abide in Me and My words remain in you, ye shall ask what you will and it shall be done.
' It's all connected to the Word.
Prayers that are backed by scripture get answered.
Find scripture that pertains to what you're believing for.
Where is it?
John 15:7.
If ye abide in Me and My words abide in you, ye shall ask what you will, and it shall be done unto you.
See it?
It's important.
Father, I thank You, Lord.
According to John 15:7, the Word is life.
And that Word prayed out will get the results I'm looking for.
We believe, we receive in Jesus' name.
Godly households, godly marriages, godly children, godly finances.
You don't have to be ruthless like the world when it comes to finances.
Be discerning in who you do business with.
Don't be unequally yoked with unbelievers.
You might sell them a house or whatever, but I'm not going to go in covenant with business when it comes to the heathen.
I find the best as I can to line up with Word people as much as you can.
Being business partners with the world—like being with your Muslim buddies—no.
As much as you cannot do that, don't do it.
Try to line yourself up with people that are Word-based.
Even some of them are not what you think they are; I've learned that.
But that's why I just stick with what the Lord tells me to do.
I work for myself; I work for the Lord.
Work for the Lord, not with people who just try to hit you up a lot.
Let's pray over their babies today.
Let's pray for godly children, that by the end of the year, if you weren't able to have a baby, you can say, "I believe God for children.
I want a godly son like Braden.
I want a godly daughter.
I want twins or triplets.
" Believe God.
Lord, we lift up these parents before You, Father.
We thank You for the ones who are believing You for children, as it's the deepest desire of their heart.
Lord, I thank You that You see it and that You heal what is missing or broken supernaturally by the power of God.
The same Jesus who was raised from the dead dwells in you.
The same Holy Spirit.
I thank You that the wonderful, mighty-working power that dwells in them, that same miracle-working power, will create what needs to be created.
If there's a missing fallopian tube or something they need to have this baby, I thank You that miracle-working power is in them from that same Holy Spirit who raised Jesus from the dead.
Whatever is missing or broken is restored in Jesus' name.
I thank You that their uterus is in perfect health and the fallopian tubes are where they're supposed to be.
I thank You that the womb is correct, that pregnancies are normal, and they carry full-term in Jesus' name.
We pray over the man's reproductive organs and parts.
We thank You that everything that needs to happen happens in Jesus' name.
I saw healing over prostates and prostate infections right now in Jesus' name.
We thank You that everything happens as it's supposed to, that the baby is carried full-term and develops as it should.
We rejoice in that life You give according to the Word of God.
You said in Your Word that our vine would not cast its fruit before its time.
We claim that over these parents, these tithers' rights—that if they tithe and they sow, that is their inheritance.
That is their right.
We thank You, Father, that their vines will not cast fruit before its time and they will carry these babies full-term in Jesus' name.
Not only that, Father, I thank You that their deliveries will be effortless and pain-free in Jesus' name.
They wouldn't have all the ailments that some mothers have when they're carrying their babies.
Their feet would not swell and they won't get all these pregnancy things.
They will have a wonderful pregnancy and wonderful deliveries, and they will enjoy motherhood.
Father, we thank You that they do not have any postpartum depression.
If they're nursing, these babies nurse as they should and latch on correctly.
We call everything to be perfect on these babies when they're born, their Apgar scores to be perfect in Jesus' name.
These mothers will produce milk like a Jersey cow.
My husband says that they will not have any problems producing milk for their babies in Jesus' name; there would be an abundance and overflow.
No plugged ducts or anything; everything works as it should so they can properly nourish their babies as You intended.
Father, we thank You that these babies get the nourishment they need to develop in their minds and bodies.
No autism; we speak against Down syndrome, cerebral palsy, or any of that.
Father, we thank You that these babies are whole and healed in Jesus' name.
Nothing missing, nothing broken in these children.
As they are born and raised by these wonderful parents, we thank You that as they grow older, they will not depart from the way they should go.
We thank You that these parents are going to raise these children unto You, just as Hannah dedicated her child to You.
These children will be a wonderful representation in these last days, doing wonderful things for the Lord.
Father, we thank You that You see these parents' hearts and know their deepest desire.
We call these children forth.
I join with them in prayer and we thank You that it's done in Jesus' name.
Now, I just saw a vision while she was praying.
I saw a weeping willow tree that had many hearts.
Instead of willow branches or leaves, I saw hearts on them.
It wasn't grotesque; there were little baby hearts all on this weeping willow tree, all attached to each other.
It was something about the glory and praying for the hearts of these children.
It's interesting because I've never seen anything like that before.
It wasn't a physical heart, but like a Valentine heart—pink ones and red ones about the size of a half-dollar.
I thought it was beautiful.
There is a breakthrough concerning house deals.
You've not been able to get a house or receive a good home for your family.
The Lord is opening up doors right now for your dream home, for your heart's desire.
Make your list, write it down, and make it plain.
Write down what you're believing for: three bedrooms, two baths, whatever.
Believe God for big.
Father, I thank You that it would be debt-free.
I thank You, Lord, that You're going to bring it to pass in the name of Jesus—a house that is affordable and that You'll give me favor to get, even if your faith isn't for it to be debt-free.
Yes, give me favor to get it.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, that we have good godly homes, houses with good roofs, houses with good carpet, and houses with good insulation.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you that you always take care of us.
Thank you for cars with good tires, cars that will get me to church and back, and a good car that gets me to work.
I don't have to be worried if I'm going down the highway that my wife's not going to make it home in time or make it home at all because the car doesn't make it.
Father, I thank you for that peace because we have good cars that run well for good deals.
Father, you give us favor with good cars.
Do you believe that there are people believing God for cars?
I thank you, Lord, Father, for the good car that gets me from point A to point B and back again, and that it doesn't break down on the side of the road.
That's not your will, Father, for our wives or our husbands to be out on the side of the road worried if they're going to make it home.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you provide good automobiles for us.
Thank you, Lord, that you always take care of us and that we have good cars to drive.
You've got good cars and good clothes.
Thank you, Lord, that we have good clothes.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we represent you.
We represent the best.
We represent you; we can dress the best.
If the world can dress their best and have good shoes, Father, how much more would you provide for us?
I call those clothes in.
I call in nice, godly clothes.
You don't look like a Jezebel; you look like a nice, presentable, classy woman.
And maternity clothes for these women that are going to get pregnant—that's a big deal when you're pregnant.
I remember I prayed for maternity clothes, too, because it's hard to find nice ones.
I prayed for a while because we couldn't afford maternity clothes.
They were so expensive for something you only wear for a few months.
And someone gave me all their clothes and said, 'I just feel like the Lord told me to bless you with these.
' They were amazing clothes that were very expensive, Motherhood or whatever it was.
I remember that; it was amazing.
So I pray that for all these mothers who are about to get pregnant.
If you're pregnant already and you just don't have clothes to fit, we call that in for you in Jesus' name.
Blessing time.
Yes, good clothes, good maternity.
Expect the unexpected.
Believe God for big.
I used to go to garage sales and search for those, but we're believing for an abundant harvest for these mothers.
Yes, it's time to be the head, not the tail, above and not beneath.
Yes, we're believing, Father, that it is coming to pass.
We touched and agreed right then, Diana and I.
And I believe that you're going to be emailing us like we've had all these other emails.
We've had so many of them.
When you pray, Diana, there's an anointing on you for babies—to believe God for babies.
And there have been so many people sending pictures of their babies saying, 'Hey, this is my miracle child.
God touched me.
I wasn't able to have a child, and here's the baby we just wanted to show you.
' Yes, we've gotten a lot of those, and it's like, 'Wow, Lord, look what you did.
' Cute little babies with their little hats on.
Children are a blessing from the Lord.
Family is fun; it's exciting.
He sees your heart.
He's just so wonderful.
What you're believing for—nothing's too big and nothing's too small.
Beautiful babies, little miracles.
And you're a good mama.
Diana has been a good mother.
Nothing's too big and nothing's too small.
Jesus paid the price for it all.
And I believe it's time for restitution for what you've lost.
You may have been a woman who has had many miscarriages.
It's time for restitution; it's time for divine payback.
Stand on that.
I'm believing for what the enemy stole.
I'm calling it back.
You call back sevenfold what the devil stole.
You can have sevenfold.
That's a lot of children.
I'd be excited, devil.
I don't know, whatever you believe for.
I'm believing, devil.
Lord, I'd be like, 'Not for this sevenfold.
' That daddy's like, 'Okay, honey.
What you believing for now?
I believe for sevenfold.
' Oh, hallelujah, all at one time!
Hallelujah.
He's like, 'Oh, my faith is with you.
Lord, I believe; help my unbelief.
' No, that's major overflow harvest.
I'm calling back seven.
You see your wife praying in the corner, 'Sevenfold, devil!
I want it back!
' That's a harvest right there.
Yes, it would be bigger than the Octomom.
Remember that?
That lady had a lot of babies.
Oh, Father, we thank you that you're the God of more than enough.
You're the God of more than enough, and you have redeemed the time.
You are able to redeem the time.
For Father, you have rebuked the devourer for our sake, and he has been rebuked in the name of Jesus.
And we believe that the best is yet to come for the body of Christ, that we're leaving with the gold and the silver and our hearts are filled with joy.
I love that scripture.
'Then was our mouth filled with laughter, and our tongue with singing: then said they among the heathen, The Lord hath done great things for them.
' Psalm 126:2.
Sing it again.
'Then was our mouth filled with laughter, and our tongue with singing: then said they among the heathen, the Lord hath done great things for them.
' Psalm 126:2.
Let that be your scripture of the day.
As we close today, our mouth was filled with laughter and our tongue with singing.
Hallelujah.
'Then our mouth was filled with laughter, and our tongue with singing: then said they among the heathen, The Lord hath done great things for them.
' Psalm 126:2.
I love that.
Ha, devil!
Haha!
We've got babies!
We've got money in our accounts and the doctor bills and everything's already paid for ahead of time.
Their mouth was filled with laughter and their tongue with singing.
Hallelujah.
Glory to God.
Find a good song to sing.
And then said they among the heathen, 'The Lord has done great things for them.
' So they told all the heathen people around them, 'The Lord has done great things for us.
' Our mouths were filled with laughter and our tongue with singing.
A merry heart does good like a medicine.
'Haha, devil!
The Lord has done great things for us!
' I felt the anointing all over that, Diana.
That scripture right there just hit me really hard in my spirit.
The Lord has done great things for us.
Oh, he's provided good cars, good houses, healing for our bodies, and deliverance for our minds.
He's given us to be the head and not the tail.
Then our mouth was filled with laughter and our tongues with singing.
Hallelujah.
I love that.
Oh, Father, we thank you for all that you have done for our country.
Our mouth was filled with laughter.
We're looking at it.
We're laughing in the face of the devil and his plan.
He has nothing.
He is broke, busted, and disgusted.
He is not going to mess with us.
Oh, Father, I thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Lord, that we have the victory in Jesus' name.
Praise the Lord.
We pray this video blessed you today.
We love you.
Thank you for coming out and praying with us.
Wasn't Jesus wonderful today?
I felt his presence and I loved it.
I love the quaintness.
Is that a good word?
The quaintness.
It's just happy.
I don't want to be too deep.
You'll drown out there.
Don't be too deep, Brandon.
It'll work for you.
Quainteness means an old-fashioned, unusual, or charming quality, often in a simple, poetic way.
Well, probably not that word.
Whatever.
I'm so grateful for every single one of you being here.
I really truly do appreciate it.
I think this is just the way we want to live our life: in peace with laughter.
I'm so tired of the doom and gloom.
I tell you, there's hope.
There's revival.
There are things that I know the Lord is about to do exceedingly abundantly above all we dare ask or think.
I'm so excited that I'm a part of it, and I believe you're a part of it.
He saved the best for last, and he put the closers in; that's what we're here for.
Aren't you excited that he brought you into this world for such a time as this?
You could have been born 150 years ago, but he said, "You go now.
" Why?
Because you had what it takes.
You were made for victory.
You were made to be so much more than what you already are.
How much more does Jesus have for us?
I'm just excited about it.
Until next time, we love you all.
Hope you enjoyed the video.
If you did, like, subscribe, click the notification bell, and click the thumbs up.
Do everything you can to help us with the algorithm.
Please find me on X in the description, Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, all of it.
Don't follow anyone else over there trying to be an imitator—there are many of them.
We have people copying and pasting and doing all kinds of craziness all over the internet, but we try to take them out as much as we can.
Don't go searching; just look in the video description here.
Don't be fooled by the imitators because there's a lot of them.
I'm not on WhatsApp.
I'm not on any of these things asking for anything.
Don't listen to these people.
Not on Telegram.
Nope, not on Telegram.
Telegram's a scam.
God bless you all.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again.
Bye-bye.